Woke up at 5ish. Clean the basement. Went on a run. Ran with Mal for just a bit. Helped pop load the bin. Went on a walk with Pop. Ate some blts. Took shower. Made gidget's food. 

I'm so tired. 

Dan came over to drop off the car. It is good other than the fact a mouse was living in the cabin filter for a while so it was gross. I was naked when Dan came to the door and didn't realize he was there. Embarrassing. Not sure he noticed me being naked. I thought I heard something get dropped on the front stoop. I was waiting for my basket to put gidget on the bike (I've been waiting for ages it seems). 

I finally got my basket for my bike so Gidget and I went to Ray and Robyns on the bike. She just sat on the way there. Then we went on a little ride down that new spur. Gidget at that point had her paws on the lip of her carrier and was trying to get my attention so I let her down. She walked around and peed a bit. She didn't seem to be nervous to get back in the cage. I stopped one more time before we were home and gave her a pat while she was in the carrier. She waggled her tail a bit so I don't think it was too upsetting for her. 

I'm ordering dinner for the first time in a week because I'm so tired. The bike ride didn't help with the tiredness I don't think. I'm getting a bunch of veggies from Osaka.

Went on another bike ride with the dog for an hour at six. I was even thinking about grabbing some dessert at the new trail side restaurant and bringing it to a bench on the trail. But nothing around here is open on mondays so that didn't happen. It was still nice to have an evening outing. Gidget did well again and got to pee at the halfway point. I'm sure she loved smelling a new spot. 

I must look... um... unfriendly when I'm on my bike. I have a sturdy helmet, with kn-95, and my earphones on. It doesn't obstruct my vision, but my eyes are basically the only part of my face you see. 

Hopefully I'll be in bed tonight at nine. 

I feel like the dude. I just thought that it was Friday... it is monday. I have no handle on time. 

I had a lot of memories of a day when Lisa and I rode our bikes out the way gidget and I went. They were good memories but I miss her. Its really weird going from a place where your life is completely intertwined with another persons for 16 years to suddenly being alone. 