2 weeks now. 

Woke up at five. Thought I was going to be up for the rest of the day at 1:30 but I think I went right back to sleep.

Trying to recover data from a busted hard disk.

Sending a new email to cleaner. 

Wrote a little.

I was looking at hotels in Chicago a couple days ago and I came across the hotel that I wanted to take Lisa to when she was feeling better. The hotel had high tea which Lisa would have loved. The idea would be that we'd fly into chicago from Columbia. It would have been an easy flight. So many dreams unfulfilled.

I need to get into the habit of talking to the dog and turning on lights. It is raining really hard and I'm sitting in front of my computer without lights on. I bet it would be more pleasant in here with lights on.

Did the 2016 photo review. I need to go add some of the photos to my stories. But I can't. Looking at her in that year really fucked me up. It was such a hard and wonderful year all at the same time. The first part of the year was horrible with Lisa going into the hospital suicidal with pain. Then the dark room. Then the incredible joy of her being out of the room. I wish she'd never tried botox. I wish we'd just gone on with our life as it was, it wasn't perfect but it was ok. 

Gidget and I walked with Robyn. I was a bit worried about commuting around on my new ebike on the gravel. It isn't an off roader, but it does handle smooth unpaved surfaces well. And I was pleasantly surprised to realize that our gravel path is really really smooth. So I should be able to get around really easy on that path.

We then went to give Mary Claire some magazines from Lisa's collection. She is pretty far away from me so that took a while. It was a nice drive though. 

I came home, made some more bean, pepper, and tomato burritos. I put some of it on the pups food. She ate pretty good.

Read.

Scanned receipts from the place my pop brought all of Lisa's stuff. 

Called Social Security to claim the death benefit. They will be calling me in a couple weeks to follow up. 

Got a notification that the pup goes into get her teeth done in a couple days. I'm a bit petrified since she will be going under. It would destroy me if I lost her too. 

Got some vegetarian indian food

Setting up an iPad for remote work in Chicago. 

I think I should call some of my neighbors to take them up on getting a meal or whatever. I probably would have taken them up on it last week but having my folks here exhausted me. 

I think I figured out the hd business. I think it is a veracrypt partition. 

Listening to CCR out on the front porch with the pup while reading