Woke up at six ten. I was dreaming of Lisa. I think all my dreams lately have been about her. She needed to poop bad while on the train. It was a crisis. Very on brand. Then there was a commercial for some product. It had some sad person on the train without the product and then Lisa who had it and it said 1000 more love! With hearts exploding on the screen. Weird. I don’t normally remember dreams.

I got up, took Gidget on a walk. There is a heat warning here for the next week. it is going to be almost 100F and humid. Not fun. It is a real adjustment from Chicago, which was hot but doable. These sort of weather would have made me so nervous back in the day. If the power went out, or AC, or whatever we'd be so fucked. Poor Lisa was so sensitive to change. I had battery backups, and a portable AC/heat unit that I could set up if those sorts of things happened.  

Came home and unloaded groceries, unpacked my luggage, and made tabouleh. Then I brushed my teeth, took a shower, and prepared some fruit.

My tummy is upset today for some reason.

Working on this a bit.

Reflecting on the trip a bit. Amtrak was so nice. I was late for both legs but that is fine. There was simply no bullshit. The only time I was ided was checking into the hotel. The first leg they just asked my name and checked me off their list of incoming passengers. And on the return they didn't check my ticket until we'd all boarded. And people were just nicer? Like I had a nice little conversation with the family that was going to LA from Chicago. They were from India and there was a question about the seat configuration and someone behind us explained it. Oh and there was a developmentally disabled woman who just fucking loved Gidget while we stood in line boarding. She kept on saying "Hello Gidget, you are so cute!" Oh and they aren't sticklers for the rules (dogs are supposed to be in their cage at all times). I should have let Gidget sit on my lap because there was another Chih on the train who was in the owners arms. Overall, I really enjoyed it. Watching the world go by in a train's viewing car is very nice.

I ate some leftover pizza. Then I went to the mitchells just for a bit and told them about the trip. Then I got petro for the car. 

Then I came home and talked to Kimberly for a bit about my trip. She was going on her walk and saw me outside with the pup. 

I am very tired today. I took a wee nap. Had some tabouleh. It is very good and I'm happy I'm eating lighter foods again. Although my tummy is still upset. 

I'm thinking about napping in bed but it is like 75 up there which is rough. It is seventy four down here, but it does make a world of difference. 

It is disguising how many vultures have shown up in my mail box wanting to help me sell the house since Lisa’s death

I just laid about and read today. I was on the couch, Gidget normally lays on her heating pad but today she cuddled next to me. 

I had some veggie sausages for dinner with gravy. 

My tummy is still upset. I feel really hung over. Must be all the rich foods of the last week. 

That’s it. I’m going to bed at seven. I’m tired.