I slept wellish. Was up at midnight for a bit. Slept until 4:30. Pretty good night.

Today was a running day, but my parents threw away my Body Glide that keeps the inner thigh chaffing away in this heat. I was really looking forward to my run. I hate it, but it really became the only thing that was fully mine over the past few years. Lisa simply could not call me for help while I was running (I think she only needed me once in all those years). So it was the only time I could let my guard down and be me. So I thought, I need something to reduce friction in my swimsuit area. What do I have? And then I remembered that we had some lube! We hadn't had sex in probably ten years because physical touch tended to hurt Lisa even that long ago. So I got out the very old lube and put it on. It was a good thought but unfortunately it didn't work. Within a half a mile there was friction. I don't want to chaff so I stopped and walked home. Oh well. I'll run tomorrow after the Body Glide comes (highly endorse, works miracles). 

Gidget and I went on a walk right after that. We tried a new route and she did OK! I'm going to keep getting her used to new routes because I don't think we will be staying here. So she needs to generalize her ability to walk on that one route. 

mr. Pham called me needing me to print something for him, which I did.

I ate some morningstar farms corn dogs. I think they are just as good as meat corn dogs. Very tasty. 

Sarah sent me a nice note about survivors guilt. 

Mary wants the books that Lisa referenced in her book. 

Now I'm showering. Cried in the shower. 

I cleaned out my bedroom of a lot of bedding. I didn't fold any of this bedding but I was always looking for new sheets and whatnot that were comfy and easy to put on. I would then just throw them in the corner if they didn't live up to the promise. So I had 7 sets of sheets in my room. I'm getting rid of three sets and having 2 sets of summer and 1 set of winter sheets. 

My parents are on their way over. 

Looked through all of the photos I've uploaded so far to see if the jog memories for stories. I'm going to incorporate images into the little stories now... I think seeing the pictures of her smiling are the hardest to see. I don't know if I saw her smile in the last few years of her life. She always had this grimace on her face because she was in so much pain. So seeing her smile is just too much. Fuck.  

Stripped my bed and I'm washing all the blankets, duvet, everything. I'm excited. I haven't been able to do this in years because it was too loud for Lisa and it is a full days job. 

Cleaned up my office some and spent time helping my parents clean my house.

Nearly went to see MC's kids at Cafe Poland. But it looked like there would be rain so I went to the mitchells instead. 

Went over to Lisa's parents house and talked. I showed them the videos of the beavers eating and the foster beavers damming up their foster parents hallways. Highly recommend if you need to see something cute. A tiny little beaver taking various pieces of furniture to make a dam where there is no water is just too cute. 

Made myself some spaghetti, capers, fake butter, fake parm, and lemon. Very good lunch. 

Responded to Sarah 

Scheduled the adjuster to come over to assess the damage of the closet for wednesday. 

Emily is coming over tonight to get the pottery things that she made Lisa. 

My neighbor came over, Mrs Reed. She asked if something was wrong and I told her that Lisa had killed herself. We talked for a while. She gave me a hug and I cried some more. 

Started making a guest list for the party. My former cleaner and her husband (our lawn guy) wanted to come so they are on the list. They are really wonderful people.

Mom and pop came with Ozzie. I didn’t recognize him. He was so little when I last saw him now he is taller than me. We talked about warhammer 40k until Jeanne came over. 

Jeanne got a bunch of stuff. Teacups, pillows, paintings, magazines even, and a book of WWI poetry of mine. I kept wanting to tell Lisa how excited I was that Jeanne was taking this stuff. 

They left at about five, Emily, Lisa’s good friend in town was supposed to come by but her clients were running late. So I’m playing games with friends tonight.

Sat out on the front porch with Gidget. Just staring off into space. It feels so late. Right now I'd be getting Lisa pinto beans, preparing her sweet potato for her next meal, and getting her split pea soup. Also wrangling her tooth brush, getting her wipes out, moving her chair, books, tray, and blankets into the other room. I used to remember at least a few hundred things to do for her each day to make sure she felt comfortable. 

My friends can play today so it is good that Emily didn't come by. I might order in some food. Who knows.

I am bone tired. 

Played games with friends

Had pizza 

took the dog on a little walk

Trying to read for an hour or two before bed

Cleaned all my bedding

My messy house is driving me nuts tonight. I can’t wait until we have all the surfaces clear again and all this stuff out of the house.

I went to sleep around 9:15. I had intended on really reading for the first time since Lisa's death but I just went to sleep when I got into bed