Woke up at three. I think I went to bed around 10 last night. 

I immediately got to work. I’m moving my networking stuff to the top of my cabinet instead of the ground. I’m also getting a new WiFi router that I’ll be setting up today. 

When I cleared out the rest of the stuff in the basement. The hardest thing was the bed. I cut a handhold into it though and was able to get it on the dolly. It went ok. Didn’t injure myself, or worse, have to ask for help. The next worst was the box spring but it wasn’t all that bad. I’m pretty excited about being nearly done with all this. It has been a slog. 

I did find more spode in the basement. It is our Christmas set. So now I have all Spode dishes. I used to joke with Lisa on the rare holiday that we used the Spode that we are a Spode family (the idea of being slavishly attached to a brand is weird to me). I guess now Gidget and I really are a Spode family. 

We then went on a nice walk with Robyn. We were nervous about driving the bike to the trail so we were ten minutes early. Seems like we shouldn’t worry anymore.

I went outside so that Gidget could enjoy herself and I immediately start nodding off. I guess I’m going to go take a nap.

Took an hour nap. Ma and Pa came over after that for a while. We had a nice chat. I kicked them out after an hour or so I think. 

I then set up my new home network and got all the devices attached to it.

Gidget and I then went on a long bike ride. After we got home we made air fried tofu with panko breading and sesame seed oil. The sauce was thai peanut sauce and some green onions as garnish. It was really tasty.

I'm probably going to try to go to bed early again given how tired I am. 