This is what I remember:

Lisa called me in the middle of the night afraid that I would get what she had and die. She was terrified of this. I was at the end of my rope because she'd been waking me up for things that didn't really need me for a few days. And I really need my sleep. So I lost my temper and yelled at her. Told her please stop worrying about these things. That she just needed rest. And I left. Then I came back and apologized. Told her that was completely out of line and gave her a hug for the first time in years. I write this smiling, but after just a few moments she told me to stop because I was too cold. I told her I would always be here for her and she could count of me and that we'd get her through this downturn.

Then I woke up and was doing my normal shit. I heard something and ran upstairs and saw her from a distance, I ran downstairs screaming and crying and called 911 in that state. I got dressed and held Gidget. Police asked me about our situation for a while. The people finally left and I went over to the Mitchell's house to tell them. I think we might have ate at that point. I called everyone else, mom and dad, and all of Lisa's best friends and I was on the phone all day. I got 2 hours of sleep, maybe. I spent it at the Mitchell's. My friend, Sarah, who is a widow talked to me before I went to sleep. 

The cleanup crew came by as well during this time, they came from Iowa. They were very kind and I gave them a very large tip. I can't image having that job, the trauma must be terrible. 

Everyone was very nice. I also saw Mal, my good friend in town here and I sat with her and her partner for an hour or so and talked. 

Oh and I figured I should try to eat dinner so I was going to get polish food, but she was closed. So I went up to Bangkok. I figured I'd get takeout and eat at peace park, but my coworker from 20 years ago was there tending bar and John Pham was also there. So they bought me dinner and hung out. It was nice to talk to people that didn't have really any involvement in my life when Lisa was around. 