Work up at 4:45. Read in bed for a bit. Took Gidget on a walk at 5:30. Went on a run, six miles. It was so hot. I think that is breaking now with the thunderstorms coming through. I saw Mal for a tiny bit of the run. 

I came home finished up the finished part of the basement. I noticed that I have a mattress in the basement!! Meaning I'll probably have at least 1 more emptying of the bin before I'm done. 

I brought down my emergency water containers. That is always hell on my knees because water is heavy. I need to get rid of half of them because Lisa doesn't need water anymore. So I won't store any up stairs anymore which is nice I guess. 

Took a shower, brushed my teeths and the like. Ate some BLTs again. The lightlife fake bacon is really nice. It is salty but I guess that is what you are going for with a blt. 

The cleaners are going to be here today. They are doing a deep clean and should be here for like eight hours. I'm not looking forward to people being in my business but oh well. It is just one day and maybe I'll be able to stop taking allergy meds. 

I think I have arthritis in my thumb because of how tight Lisa used to have to have her sandals. They were velcro and she needed me to put my whole body into tightening them. 

I ran around town with no particular focus today while the cleaners were here. I used to do that with Lisa where we'd ride around in the car and chat while looking at the houses and neighborhoods. It was a really good activity for her because it didn't take a lot of effort but she loved looking at landscaping and homes. 

I also visited a really nice park that I think is new down the road from me. And I also went to Bethel park. Gidget really got to experience parks. 

The house looks nice after the people have been through here. It is a bit discombobulating since everything has been moved. But I got the heating pads turned on for the pup and little things put back to the way I like them. 

I think I'll be going to bed really early tonight. Running in the heat plus having people here has been hard. 

