Woke up around 4ish? Just stayed in bed until 5:30. It seems like my sleep is getting a lot better. 

Went on a six mile run. Saw Jeff and told him that Lisa is dead. "hi, my wife is dead" is a great conversation starter. I ate a banana before my run instead of nut butter. I'll have to combine the two. Lisa was so proud of herself for suggesting nut butters before runs. I miss her.

When I got home I made Gidget some scrambled eggs, and figured I should have some as well. Gidget ate pretty dang good.

I then rearranged where I have my dirty cloths, running stuff, and cold weather stuff. 

I'm now sitting down to write a little. At 8:30 I'm meeting Robyn at the trail for our first walk since Lisa's death. It is going to be weird.

I need to get back to talking. I used to always talk all the time because I was trying to cheer up Lisa. Just talking bullshit you know? But I think Gidget misses it because I always used to talk to her. 

Robyn and I had a nice walk. We are going further since I don't need to be home for Lisa and it is good to try to generalize Gidget's walking skills.

After this I came home and packed shit up at my house.

I had some fake fish with malt vinegar and mayo.

I talked to Jeanne and my ma on the front porch for a bit.

I gave Tim and Kimberly my Bouchon Bakery, Organic Pest Control, and Heirloom Tomato books. 

Cleaned up even more. 

Found hard drives! One is damaged apparently (the one I wanted). The other is bitlockered and locks up the computer when I mount it. 

People left around four. Got some falafel and tabouleh delivered. They were good

Talked to Sarah and snarl. 

Mark K got in contact with me

Took Gidget on a short walk

Ate chickpeas 

Got ready for bed

In bed by 7:30. I was just beat today

Quiet night but I guess I’m hanging in there

Got hungry at about nine. Ate some ramen. Watched a YouTube video about a man cooking ww2 submarine Salisbury steaks