woke up to the sounds of thunder and flashes of lightning. I had a panic attack because I didn't wake up lisa to put on her mask before it hit. Now I'm just crushed because my lovey is gone. 

My adrenaline was still going so I thought maybe food might make me sleepy. Went downstairs and had spicy olives. Realized that running a mostly empty dishwasher each day is stupid so I went to the basement to get more of the glass leftover containers I feed Gidget in. So now I’ll be able to go five days between washes at maximum. Brushed my teeth, now it’s time to try to go to sleep.

Woke up, not getting back to sleep. 4 hours last night. 

Working on this memories thing. Responding to various folk on email and mastodon. There are an overwhelming number of things on mastodon. I guess I really made a community there. 

"Thank you for this. We are hanging in there. I normally sleep like the dead, but I've got like 12 hours in three days so that sucks. But I have literally no responsibilities for the first time in like 10 years. Its weird to have a perpetual weekend after complaining constantly that I didn't have any. I guess be careful what you wish for."

"Caregiving is hard isn't it? I feel like anything I could do for the rest of my life will be easier. It is just so hard because you love the person so much so you hurt for them all while trying to keep them safe and comfortable. I don't know what it is going to feel like to actually be able to relax."

My mind doesn't think in images. So seeing her in photos is really fucking me up. I can't believe she is gone. Her life was so hard. 

I'm going to take the dog on her walk. I don't even think she is out of bed yet, but I don't want to walk on the trail anymore when it is fucking hot as hell. 

Came home and ate some peanuts on the porch. Contacted the yard people because Kimberly and Tim wanted to give me some cone flowers they sprouted. 

Took a shower, gave Tim and Kimberly some peanuts from my 25 lbs bag and brought the 15 or so plants back to my house. I cried while arranging them because Lisa wanted to add more plants to that spot for a long time. I was so happy to tell her that we were putting them in! I get how it would be nice to talk to your loved ones after they died. It is an appealing concept.  

I still haven't been able to read my novel. That's all I've been doing lately.

I contacted Dan to see if his wife would help train the Mitchells puppy.

I'm going to go eat some fruit now. 