Woke up at five. I'm sleeping better than I was. I'm not getting enough though. I dreamt of Lisa last night. She was needing me for something but I don't remember what it was. 

Had some banana and peanut butter

Went on a longer walk with Gidget in a new area of our walk to get her used to walking other places. We walked a pretty far way around the pond that is near the dog park. She is doing really good with the novel walks. 

Came home and tried to get Gidget to eat. I put her rabies vaccine tag on her harness. 

Took a shower, brushed my teeth for the second time today.

I was invited to a movie night with a couple of my mastodon friends. That is nice. 

I got through the 2014 photos but barely. I've been crying while doing it. Lisa would always tell me that period of her life was her favorite. She was very sick but not so sick that it destroyed her ability to enjoy things. We couldn't do most things that normal people do, but we've always loved the little things. She also just loved that we were together all the time. She'd do her things and I'd do mine, but we could interact with each other any time we wanted. She would always talk longingly at the end of her life about just wanting to be able to lay down and read or watch tv. The last 5 or so years of her life she laying down just hurt unless it was for bed, and then she'd lay down in a way that was uncomfortable for her. She was a tummy sleeper during her healthy period of her life (we bonded over this as I am also a tummy sleeper), but only sleeping on her back was doable by the end. 

The 4th of July used to be my favorite holiday. I'd normally be in michigan at the lake house and spend it in Lake Michigan. BBQ and the lake were just magically. I also believed in what America stood for. I still believe in America's stated values. All people are valuable, migrants should be welcomed with open arms and are our strength, etc. Today I'm just treating it like any other day. Maybe next year I'll be at a place where I can go enjoy the beach or whatever. 

I'm going to go eat some peanuts and wait for my parents to get here. 

Ma and Pa came over to help. We cleared out the house house besides the basement and the garage at this point. It sounds like they will be leaving early on Sunday since the dumpster won't be here until next week. My pop also thinks that they will probably not be back in August like they were planning on. It is just too hard for them to be here. I get it. It is hard on me too. I'm seriously considering going on a vacation somewhere. Maybe rent something on Lake Michigan or go to Chicago to check out the city. 

I took another shower because the basement is so gross. The good news is that emily wants to keep all the vases. 

I had a couple cilantro-lime rice, beans, and corn burritos for lunch. 

I was able to read a little more. 

Looking at the 2014 - 2015 photos really bummed me out. That was the last time we were truly happy and without too much worry. And the tail end up 2015 was when she started to have her bad issues. 2016 was absolutely horrible. But late 2015 was already on the way to that. We were just in a holding pattern and it was awful. 

I can't stress how LONG the days are without Lisa. I do not like I. I have dinner plans with the Mitchells tonight and I feel like I should be getting ready for that. But that is in more than 3 hours. It is just very very very very weird to not have something to be doing every second of the day. I can't really believe that I kept up the pace of things for so long. Like I would tell people that I'm trying to keep the three of us alive, and I was the only one doing that. Poor Lisa just couldn't do anything at the end of her life. SHe did all her bathroom stuff (besides using a commode at night, which she only peed in. I would dump it when I woke her up at 8 am). But I did literally everything else, including heating her waters and food many many times to get it the right temperature for her because she was so sensitive. I remember previous times where she'd get better I would just be euphoric because Lisa was helping again and she was feeling better. This time it just sucks ass because my beloved nubbins is gone. I really needed a break. I wish I would have got a break by her feeling better. I'm glad she is no longer suffering but I miss her so much and I wish we were just happy together again. 

