I thought I'd be nearly 100% today. But I'm out of it and my tummy this isn't 100% right. It hurts a bit. 

Woke up at five thirty. 

Took the pup on a short walk. Robyn is going to try to walk her later today. 

I'm listening to Beirut this morning. I don't think Lisa ever really listened to them with me. But I was first introduced to them right around the time I met Lisa and it has me very nostalgic about those times. The presickness parts of our relationship are just so bittersweet to remember for me. I just thought we'd have a lifetime together. One of the reasons I didn't want to have kids was because we were so happy together just spending time with each other. Why change something that is working? I think those times were truly the first time in my life that I was happy. I was extremely depressed in my teens and early twenties. But it was like my depression popped like a bubble when we started dating. I honestly haven't had many issues with depression since, even through all the trauma and caregiving. Ok, I'll revise that, I've been extremely depressed but it is situational. I was depressed because the person I loved was suffering and I could do virtually nothing about it. It wasn't just a miasma that enveloped me because of some bullshit in my brain chemistry. 

I started watching Andor. It is the first TV show I've watched since Game of Thrones? Or maybe Westworld. It is very good so far. 

I made some burritos.

Robyn tried to walk Gidget. It didn't work. 

I'm lagging today bad. It is almost eleven and I haven't showered yet. I guess I must still be not doing great.

I ate some ramen. 

I watched more andor.

There was the scene with this elderly disabled woman that made me just lose it crying. I just think seeing people who are physically like Lisa was these past few years is a bit too raw for me at the moment. It just reminds me of all the suffering she went through. Fuck I loved her. 

I think I'll go to bed early tonight. I'm still pretty tired from the illness. 

Mal came over to sit in the front yard. She brought me mango boba drink. It was nice. Although she did try to murder Gidget by rudely standing in the middle of the yard while Gidget ran around like an idiot. 

Joe reached out. I need to remember to invite him for a drink after I'm done cleaning up the house. 

I ate some frozen indian food while watching more andor.

Going to bed before nine. 

not falling asleep. I think the huge amount of sleep I did over the past few days plus feeling basically 100% by 2 pm today has me feeling awake. 

It’s funny the way that I can find real joy in small things while being deeply sad. I guess I’ve become pretty well versed in this over the past ten years. 

Im still reflecting on all the normal people I came across when I was on my trip. They seemed so alien. 

I hope the people around me know I value them. 

I hope I keep in mind that this is all fleeting and I should savor the joy when it appears. 

The constant refrain I used to tell Lisa when she was trying to control everything to protect herself was "the only constant is change". Things will be different. The tighter we try to control things the harder it is to adapt to new things. I need to learn to be more adaptable. 