woke up at five thirty, took the dog out on her walk, ran six miles, met Mal for a mile or so of that 

Did some cleaning (the bin is completely full now)

Ate some breakfast burritos

Took a shower

Called the real estate agent, filed a claim for my insurance for my roof, called the trash folk to pick up the bin

The real estate agent is coming over tomorrow at 1. I just want to ask him about the high ROI renovations. I'm not planning on leaving now but I might. 

Went over to the mitchells, then I went over to see Mary Claire. I'm socialed out which is great because I'm bringing Mal and her partner food tomorrow.

Ate some mexican food and it is somehow already one thirty. 

Tomorrow I'm taking an enforced break from doing the clean out since they can't empty the bin until tomorrow. 

Didn’t do much the rest of the day. Had veggie sushi. Then tabouleh for dinner. Read some. Sat outside for Gidget even though it is hot as fuck. Sat inside and nodded off some. Looked through games and was very uninterested.

One of my internet friends announced that their new girlfriend loved them. I responded that it made me so happy to hear about other people being happy. I literally had tears in my eyes that night because it was good to hear of good in the world. Within 12 hours of that interaction Lisa was dead. I wish we had a happy life together. The majority of the time she was sick. We were happy a lot of the time, but it was always twinged with an anxiety about the future. I just wish she had had better luck. Fuck. I miss her so much.

I had a hard time falling asleep. It was odd given that I've been falling asleep so easily lately. I ran yesterday and was SO tired. 