Woke up at 3:30. 

Thoughts that are keeping me awake

Thinking about the way she died 

Thinking about how I told her that she needed to be trying treatment. I think the deal I told her is that she needed to at least be trying to find a treatment or caregiving because I needed her to feel better or me be able to have a break. She was liable to just sit for the rest of her life and I wanted her get better. Maybe I applied too much pressure by saying that? There wasn’t a deadline or anything. She just needed a plan and hope. 

There goes thinking about how she died again.

Ate some banana with peanut butter. Ran six miles, but maybe a quarter mile of that was walking. Disappointing run. I think it might have been hotter this morning because I was struggling.

Made Gidget some scrambled eggs. 

Working on writing down some stories.

Parents came over and we continued to clear out the house. I think we have almost all the living areas cleared out at this point. We are just waiting on the dumpster to get her to do the basement. 

I made us spaghetti with capers, lemon, fake butter, and fake parm for lunch.

Rebekah and her boyfriend came over to get more loot. I'm happy they are taking so much. 

Ma and pa left around 2. 

I've just been zombying at home since then. 

I ate some falafel. 

I think I'm going to go back to zombying. I really miss Lisa. It is very lonely here in this house now that she is gone. 

Kimberly came over with some zucchini and basil. I said, I'm going to have to get some flour now. And she said I could have some of theirs. So I followed her to her house and she gave me some. The fried zucchini was great! 

I think I figured out that 74 is the temp that I'm going to keep the home. 2 degrees warmer than when Lisa was alive is good. I wish I could get it warmer but I'm just miserably hot at 75.

Friends wanted to play games early, so we did that from 5:30-7

Took the dog out for a neighborhood. 

I ate some flour tortillas with fake butter. It was really good.

I just am dumbfounded by how long days are when you aren't running around all the time. I remember complaining all the time about not having any rest to Lisa. How I missed weekends. I really wish I had some downtime because Lisa was feeling better, and not because she is gone. 

Working on this thing right now. 

I'll probably be headed for bed at eight thirty again. 