Woke up at three thirty for some reason. Maybe I'm getting less run down? Got out of bed at like four fifteen. Did my cleaning of the basement, then I went on a run at 6:20. 7 miles. So my weekend long one is already done. Had a lovely conversation with mal for a tiny part of that run. Took the dog on her walk. 

Had some new indian flavored ramen. It is really good! I'm so pleased. I didn't eat fruit like I should... but I was just so curious about this. 

I got a call telling me that the funeral home has the death certificates! Thank goodness. I'm going to be running up into some deadlines. 

I went to the funeral home to pick up my certified copies of Lisa's death certificate. I brought in Gidget, of course. One of the people working in the back office wanted to hold Gidget while I signed for the documents and Gidget didn't seem to mind too much. She obviously wanted to be near me but she was ok. 

Seeing how she killed herself in black and white on the death certificate was... I don't know... unsettling. I didn't actually see any of it for which I'm extremely thankful. The person on 911 told me to go check to see if she was dead and I kept saying in a desperate voice "I can't, I can't, I can't" so I never approached her. I just saw her laying on the floor and saw a tiny bit of blood on her leg and a bright piece of paper on the dresser (we'd never have paper like that in the room where it might give her a headache). I knew none of that was right because she would never lay on the ground in a million years with her condition. So I knew in general how she did it, but I didn't know the specifics. So I'm unsettled. 

Eating some cherries, strawberries, and blackberries. 