work up at 5:15. Gidget was off the bed by the door. So I put her out, ate a banana and PB, and then took her on her walk. 

When we got home I cleaned out part of the garage before it got too hot. I'm now eating fruit before I do a bit of the basement. I want to get done with the main finished room today. I'm guessing it will take me an hour or two. 

I cleaned out a bunch of the area where we stored decorations. Lisa just loved those things and it breaks my heart. I was crying for part of it. It was hard. I was also listening to Rebecca Solnit's _Orwell's Roses_ which didn't make it easier Solnit was describing Orwell's life after his wife died very young talking about having to visit places where they'd been happy together. If there was one thing we loved doing together towards the end of her life, it was decorating. I simply don't care that much about decorating, but she had an infectious enthusiasm about it and I loved seeing her happy. So I would do all the grunt work and she would do fiddly little things. She would make our house look beautiful and it gave her so much joy in her tiny little life. I was convinced that we'd turned a corner a month or two ago when she had me decorate for Summer. That was a great sign! She hadn't decorated in years. Within a month or so she was dead. I don't think she'd be dead right now if she hadn't sought treatment with the neurologist. I encouraged her to do that because her life was so hard and we needed a solution. 

Today has been a lazy day. I took a 2 or so hour nap. I feel pretty rotten afterwards, and I'm sure I'd be a dick if there were people in my life. But there aren't so it is fine. 

I made some pasta. 

The melancholy about cleaning up Lisa's decorations has continued all day. I guess it is just one of those days. I miss her so much. She was the world to me. 

On the subject of emptiness, I used to spend a huge amount of time thinking about how x thing could harm her and strategizing around how to prevent that harm. Most of the time she really didn't notice, but occasionally she would think of the thing I was thinking of and I would have a strategy all lined out for her so she wouldn't have to stress about it. Now I'm free of all that and I can take risks like eat raw oysters, get carry-out, eat inside at people's homes, ride a bike, etc etc. The consequences of normal every day things is suddenly so much more manageable. You'd think this would be liberating, but I just feel so fucking empty. Like, I simply do not give a single shit about anything. Before I was in constant distress worrying and watching my love suffer. It was awful. But she was here with me and just to hear her voice was magic to me. I don't know if this empty feeling will pass, I assume it will pass. I again am so thankful that god does not exist. I would be so furious if there was someone to blame. But emptiness is what I have, just a sense of ennui.