woke up at 6. The dog woke me up by jumping on me at 1:30am. I don't know what was going on with her. I assume it was pain or something. I took her out and she peed. We then went to bed and got right back to sleep.

Went on a quick walk. My left leg is still bothering me and Gidget dog is still a bit out of it. But she ended up walking pretty good. Just with a lot of pauses, which was fine with me given my lack of pressing things to do and leg situation. 

Came home and researched restaurants. Found a list of dog friendly ones! So that is something to look forward to. The one we are going to go to on Monday for dinner is a mexican joint with a doggy menu. So gidget is going to eat well that night. I found even more so maybe not. One the places that Tony Bourdain went to is also dog friendly.

I need to eat and take a shower. 

I ate beans on toast. One of the dishes Lisa used to make me. It is so good. Heinz Beans, Fake Butter, Toast. 

Took a shower. I'm a bit out of it today. Gidget and I are going to go sit outside, listen to music, and read. 

John contacted me wanting me to go out to eat with Carrie and him. I didn't feel up to it with the trip coming up. 

Did more research into where Gidget dog and I can eat. 

Sat outside on the porch for a couple hours reading and eating peanuts. Gidget enjoyed it. 

Got some burmese food

Read inside for a bit

Went on a little walk with Gidget. She made a b line to Kimberly and Tim's place and then went and found them outside. She didn't bark at them at all and waggled when they pet her. 

Went over to ray and robyns for a bit. I tried gidget out in her pet carrier. She did fine. Didn't love it but didn't make a commotion. 

Read some more.

I've been able to read a lot more lately than I was a week or so ago. My focus is better. So that is nice. I'm really enjoying my book. I thought that it would be ruined because I've been reading the series for months. So the last few months of Lisa's life are associated with the books. But it is fine. I've found myself laughing very loud today a couple times.

I don't think I'll update this anymore today. I'm going to read for the rest of the night and then probably go to sleep early again. 