I fell asleep at around nine thirty or so and woke up at 4. I then had a banana with pb. 

I got to work on cleaning the basement at 5. It was an easy day because the bin is getting emptied today. Tomorrow will be the last day throwing away shit and it is going to be a bit intense. There is a very heavy bed down there. I might stretch it out over two days but I do sort of want to get to vacuuming and sweeping. 

I then went on a six mile run. It was fine. I got used to the cooler weather though so it was a bit of a drag that it was hot. I was done with that by seven. I talked to Dan for maybe twenty minutes. He was putting his pups out. 

Gidget and I then took the bike to the trail and had a nice walk. I think every day for the past six or so someone has told me she is adorable. 

I then came home and ate a huge bowl of the chickpea soup I made yesterday and then showered. Then I folded laundry. The cleaners are coming today so I washed my sheets too. 

I’m now sitting on the porch with Gidget. Today is going to be a correspondence day. I have like 6 people I need to respond to.

I went over to the Mitchell’s on my bike and then Gidget and I explored the hinkson creek nature area. We were driving around there a lot. 

My new cleaning lady would like some of the furniture I’m giving to the vets. So she is getting everything she wants. I’m super happy she is taking Lisa’s little decorative bike. We used to put pumpkins and flowers in it.

I finished Doppelganger by Naomi Klein. It was a very interesting book and I agreed with nearly everything she talked about. There was a bit about how liberals were too quick to accept the official narrative about the origins of covid 19 that I cringed at though. The lab leak theory is a bunch of bullshit. See the very good if books could kill dissecting the popular book on the theory.

I started The Fire Next Time by James Baldwin and fuck is he a good writer. I knew that he had a reputation for having a powerful and moving voice but I'd never read any of his works. The Fire These Times is a great podcast and I knew that the host, Elia, loves Baldwin so I thought I'd see what the fuss is about. I'm not regretting it.