Woke up at 4. Laid in bed for a bit. On waking, I was thinking about how we were going to get Lisa back to feeling better. The problem with death is that it is the end of possibilities. I wish she would have waited. 

Ate a banana with pb. Brushed teeths.

Took the pup on a walk at dawn.

Went running at 6:30. Met Mal for a mile or so. It was nice talking with her. Ran a total of 6 miles.

Came home and made burritos for the pup and me. 

Showered. Brushed teeth.

Read a bit 

Researched a trip to chicago. Talked to Ma and Pa about it. I think I might leave on Monday. I'm sick of waiting for the dumpster to clean out my house and Lisa's death certificate to get moving on closing all her accounts and whatnot.

Went over to the Mitchell's for a bit. Their pup is getting a lot calmer. 

Got some vegetarian Ethiopian food. I've never had Ethiopian food before. The flat bread was great. Apparently they have a real deep bench of vegetarian foods because the church there has a lot of fasting days where animal products are forbidden. I really enjoyed it all.

Looking at 2016 photos really destroyed me yesterday. I can't seem to bring myself to write anything today. I'm sure I'll get back to it tomorrow. That year was just the beginning of the really bad times in our lives. But it does contain the single best memory I have, which is going to IHOP after Lisa left the dark room. 

Going to Chicago with Gidget is going to really limit my options on what I can do. But that is OK. I can't bring myself to leave her. We will get takeout and go to various parks and the like. I will leave her in the hotel for when I run, and I might leave her there to go to a couple museums. But being inside freaks me out even with n95s so I might just explore the parks and open spaces. 

Dropped off some electronic waste

Called amex to get Lisa's cards removed from my accounts

Change MSFT billing to my account

Booked my Chicago trip

The Funeral home called to say that Lisa had been cremated. I knew it was going to happen but for some reason it hit me and I just lost it after I got off the phone. She is really fucking gone. It is just devastating on so many levels. 

I finalized what I want on her little dog tag. "Nubbins 1974-2025"

I think I'm going to take a water taxi to the hotel. 

Ate more tabouleh. Three times today. I guess I'm really livin it up. I love tabouleh and there isn't a decent one around here and I couldn't make it when Lisa was sick.

Going to bed probably pretty early.

I wish she would have told me she was thinking about killing herself. We finally had a bit of hope. Fuck

Was up until 10, unwillingly. Came downstairs and ate some tortilla chips and salsa. Went right to sleep after that.