Woke up at 4ish. Laid in bed until five. Took Gidget on an early morning walk. It occurred to me that Lisa and I lived near that trail our entire relationship. It is kind of a through line in our lives. 

I ran with Mal for a bit on the trail. It was supposed to be an off day so I took it easy. I'll be skipping tomorrow run. 

I plan on seeing the parents off today, and then I'm going to try to just chill and not talk to basically anyone all day. I need rest. I do have to play games tonight though. 

Ate some frozen falafel and humus.

Looking at train rides to Chicago. I think LAP to CHI is my best bet. 1:15 minute drive. Then 6 hour train ride directly downtown.

My parents came over one last time. They leave in the early afternoon today. We talked for a couple hours. It was nice. 

Everyone wanted to do something for my birthday. I keep telling everyone I don't see any reason to be celebrating. Maybe next year. 

I ate some brown rice with nice soy sauce. Gidget actually ate pretty well.

I went on a tiny neighborhood walk with Gidget. She decided to go visit the Hoffmans. She greeted them by yelling at them like she does. She shut up as soon as she smelled Tim. We ended up talking about their gardens, and various places in Chicago that I might like. They said they like staying at the Royal Sonesta so I will probably stay there with in a few weeks.

I then went to see the Mitchells. They are hanging in there. We just sat around and talked. By the end of that I was so tired my eyes were starting to involuntarily close. I was worried about driving like that so I left relatively quickly. I might take a nap now. 

I took a small nap, read some, then Mal brought me dinner/breakfast. It was lox on a bagel and it was top notch. Goldie's Bagels. She's been wanting me to have some of them for a long time. I think she got me one a couple years ago? Then we hung out on the front porch for a couple hours? Something like that. 

Now I'm going to play games with friends. And then go to sleep.

I keep having these thoughts about how I wish she hadnt done it. I desperately wish she was still around. I miss her so much. Even when she was at her worst she was a good partner and person. And then I think that I'm being selfish. She was in so much pain. But I still miss her so much. 

I think today was the first day since Lisa died that I haven't done a single productive thing. I guess I ran... but other than that I just lazed about. I think I needed it. I just didn't have any motivation to do anything. I felt mildly bad about it but I think I just need time to myself without distractions sometimes.

I'm going to go fix my duvet cover so it isn't so hot tonight.