I slept really well last night. But I woke at 3 thinking, FUCK NOT AGAIN, but it was just tummy upset from eating rich meaty foods after a long time with much lighter fare and also I had some things to write about Lisa. I think I got back to sleep around 4. Woke up to bird song at 6. It was surprising to me. I haven't had that happen in several weeks.

I made gidget dog some scrambled eggs, she ate pretty well. I couldn't resist so I made two for me and felt bad (they were excellent). I'm trying to eat vegan because I'm sick of things suffering. I guess at least they were pasture raised.

Answered all the messages from overnight while listening to Iron & Wine. 

Wrote some in this. I almost took Gidget on a walk because I thought the rain let up, but it started pouring right when we were about to go out. Poor pup. 

I opened the blind on my giant south facing window in my entry way. Gloomy days were the worst around here given how we had everything covered up, but this really does wonders for the ambience of this place. 

Listening to Fleetwood Mac's Rumours now. I turned on a light in my office and it is so luxurious. 

Ate some peanuts on the front porch. Gidget and I are disappointed that it is raining. We want to go on a walk but wet paws are unacceptable to a poor little dog. 

We went on a walk. There was a cloud of mosquitoes behind me. Luckily I wore my linens. When we got home my parents were helping clean things out.

I took a shower, then I pulled down and found all the art I want to give away. Lisa liked to rotate art seasonally so we have maybe 20 different pieces I want to give away, and I'm keeping like 7. I also found all the things she bought to decorate the beds. She also rotated those seasonally. It gave her a tremendous amount of joy redecorating every few months. But we have a ton of shit to give away now.

Her parents came over to take things. Her pop stole the Aus painting (I kid). I packed up more stuff in my keepsake box. I ate some fruit while they were here.

I'm going to eat some fries now with malt vinegar. 

Went on a walk with Gidget 

Read a tiny bit. Gidget was very happy to cuddle

I was so used to not having a future where I did things. It is very odd to think of doing anything but stay home. I'm trying to be adventurous though.

I'm eating some veggie sausages with sugar free steak sauce. It is nice.

Today has been more quiet. I thought I'd have more energy but I'm fucking dragging. Maybe the adrenaline is wearing off? 

I was about to fall asleep so I dropped a tea cup off to mal and a canned cake. 

Tonight I'm going to make some spaghetti with capers, fancy vegan butter, vegan parm, and lemons. It is going to rock. 

These days drag on so much. It is very weird to not be responsible for keeping another human alive. I guess I did a pretty shit job at that in the end. 

