Woke up at five. Slept pretty well.

Ate banana with PB. Drank a coffee in prep for my run. Brushed my teeth. Went running. Seven miles. Slow. Cried a bit on the run. I think I decided to take an amtrak up to chicago. I want to eat some good food, swim in michigan, and visit some museums and aquariums with Gidget. I think I'll stay at an upscale hotel. 

I took the pup on a walk. We went quite a bit further that normal. One of the people that commented on Gidget's cuteness today was a giant totally shredded dude. Gidget was in her pink dog purse. He yelled "I love your dog" as we passed each other. I said "I do too!" He was wearing an enormous backpack with Army written on it. 

I got home, made Gidget some eggs which she turned her nose up at. I ate the rest of them. 

My parents came before I was even able to get out of my walking linens. I helped my pop load the car with more stuff for goodwill and moved all the vases into the garage for Emily. I took a shower and brushed my teeth. This was stupid given that I was helping load the car again in just a few minutes. Oh well. 

The roomba that was too loud for lisa is cleaning the house. I remember when I got it I thought I'd solved the cleaning problem because it was supposedly quiet. But it really hurt Lisa even when she was upstairs. 

My parents came over for a couple hours. We finished up with the living area in my house. It is all clear now. It is like a different place than when Lisa was around. It is good. I don't think I could live any longer with how disgusting it got. It also feels like a new place which is good for me. 

I then had a good long time alone, I spent that time reading and cuddling with Gidget. It was nice to be able to read. I'm reading a very long series, The Wandering Inn. I was afraid Lisa's death would ruin it and I wouldn't be able to continue with it, but today's reading was nice. I laughed a lot which was good. 

I went to Cafe Poland with the Mitchells, my parents, Ozzie, Gidget, and Liam. It was nice. We sat outside in the heat and it was the first meal I had today. I'm going to pay for that because the food is far too rich for me. But it was a nice birthday dinner. Liam got the breakfast hotdog that Lisa used to love. No one could believe that was her favorite meal because it was so rich looking. Her parents were reminiscing about how excited Lisa was to bring them there. 

I'm reading Homage to Catalonia by Orwell. It is a beautiful book and this passage jumped out at me. 

"There is a sense in which it would be true to say that one was experiencing a foretaste of Socialism, by which I mean that the prevailing mental atmosphere was that of Socialism. Many of the normal motives of civilized life—snobbishness, money-grubbing, fear of the boss, etc.—had simply ceased to exist. The ordinary class-division of society had disappeared to an extent that is almost unthinkable in the money-tainted air of England; there was no one there except the peasants and ourselves, and no one owned anyone else as his master. Of course such a state of affairs could not last. It was simply a temporary and local phase in an enormous game that is being played over the whole surface of the earth. But it lasted long enough to have its effect upon anyone who experienced it. However much one cursed at the time, one realized afterwards that one had been in contact with something strange and valuable. One had been in a community where hope was more normal than apathy or cynicism, where the word ‘comrade’ stood for comradeship and not, as in most countries, for humbug. One had breathed the air of equality."

I plan on going to bed early tonight. I was nearly falling asleep multiple times today. 

At dinner my parents said that we worked 5 to 6 hours each day on emptying my house. I said that's funny because it didn't seem like that much work. These days have been positively restful for me. I used to put in 12+ hour days daily without a break. I just dreamed of having this kind of free time back when I was caregiving. Now I dream of going back to the bad times when my love was with me. I wonder how I'm going to cope with literally nothing to do but write and read. 