We are going slow today because of my foot. Walked to lake shore east dog park, a nice very dog friendly park at around 8, stayed there for a couple hours reading at a bench under the trees and in front of one of the fountains.

Went back to the hotel for a bit. Then went back to the publican on the train. I ate too much. Oysters, spicy chicken sandwich (not very spicy, still good), asparagus soup, and a big salad, and a faux cocktail. I came home after that it was like a two hour meal. The weather is perfect Michigan weather. Cloudy with a hint of autumn in the air. High 60s. 

A woman wanted a photo of Gidget in the brief amount of time we were on the train. 

After that I read a bit in the hotel, and took a nap. Then Gidget and I came back to the park. We walked around a bit. Had some mid tacos for a place near the park, then went back to reading in front of the fountains.

Every time I hear sirens I get back into the moments after I called 911. It is awful. I wish she was still here.

We came back at around five. Gidget did quite a bit of walking before we came home so that is good. 

I feel more depressed today than the past couple days. I’m guessing that is because I’m less active. My right foot is already feeling a bit better. But I’m going to take it easy again tomorrow and the next day I think.

Gidget and I lazed about in the room and then ordered Indian. One of my worst fears happened, Gidget dog fell off the bed when I went to pee. So now I have to very diligently pick her up anytime I leave the bed. I guess it proves my idea that I can’t leave her alone to go see museums or swim. Oh well. 

Going to bed around nine.