Woke up at 3:30. The moon was bright as fuck and shining right in my eyes. I think it would have been fine normally but I was supposed to meet Mal at 7 for a little run. So it freaked me out that I missed the run. So I've been up since then. Got out of bed at 5.

Took Gidget on a walk but she wasn’t up for it. I'd just set her down and she'd just stand there. Then I went on a run but my leg was not working with me so I had to cancel. I think we are going to stop running until we are in Chicago. I think I will try to keep walking with gidget but maybe not if her lethargy keeps going

Worked on this a bit

I think not believing in god is particularly useful for me these days. If I was a believer I would be unbelievable pissed that they tortured my love for so long. At least this way it is just bad luck.

Ate some fruit

Watched Bourdain, then went through all of Chicago’s Michelin stars and figured out which ones had takeout.

Read with the pup for a while

Packed. One roller on my back is squared off so it makes a loud noise every rotation as my stuff is jostled. Not getting a new bag though. That is for sure.

I was just filling a bottle of water and I had a flashback to the way that I would prepare for Lisa's day by pouring all of her waters before she woke up, then I started to remember how I used to have to heat each water for a set 30-40secs (depending on the time of day) and then Lisa would fine tune it. She did something similar with her food. It was just such an awful way to live. To be so hurt by literally everything in her environment. Poor woman. I just wish I could have done something for her.

Read even more. Took gidget on a little walk out front. It is so hot out there. 

I'll be going to Ray and Robyn's tonight for dinner. I'm so tired that I will probably be falling asleep, and I'm sure I'll go right to bed when I get home. 

Today I've been extremely melancholy. I think this might be because I didn't get exercise, I was always down when I couldn't work out when Lisa was alive. I guess this is just the same thing but my circumstances are even worse than they were. And I just miss her so much. I know it is selfish to want her back even in her state at the end of her life but I do want her back. We were supposed to grow old together.  

I tried to think of the things I used to do for Lisa. The hundreds of things I had as part of my routine and I couldn’t think of them. That is good but also it makes me so sad. Like I’m losing more of her. Although I noticed myself reflexively coming up the stairs on the side that she didn’t use. I used to do that so if I spilled water she wouldn’t get any on her feet. She fucking hated that.

I went to sleep before the sun was down. Maybe 8:30?