Woke up at 1:30. Couldn’t sleep worrying about the trip. 

Laid in bed until three fifty. Came down stairs and made some eggs for Gidget. 

Unhooked the jumper cables from the wall and car. I’m glad I did that. I’d hate to have a dead battery when I get home. 

Taking an early shower. Hopefully it won’t be too hot on our walk this morning.

I had some time so I wrote a couple more little stories about my time with Lisa. I cried because the memories were so good. We should have had so much more time together.

Took the dog on a normal length walk. I figured I got up so early I might as well have a long one with her. She had a nice time. The sun wasn't all the way up when we started but by the time she was walking (she is carried the first half) the sun was up. She walked well and was able to poop and pee a bunch. So that is all good. 

The train is delayed a bit so that gives me some leeway. But I'm still going to leave at seven. They are anticipating that we will be in Chicago 30 minutes early. So that would be really nice. Especially for Gidget. She isn't going to love being confined.

Gidget dog met a black cat during my our delay. I have photos. 

The last time I left Columbia was going to Jeff city in 23 to see Lisa’s dermatologist about her foot wounds. We’d been to the er before but he was able to convince her to stay in the hospital. It was so cold that day but we still brought Gidget dog. I’d do anything to have Lisa back. She was so wonderful. Even in her state she was still loving and all. I sometimes felt alone but she did everything she could to make sure I knew I was loved by her. Even if she was single minded on not suffering.

I’m in the observation car and I’m nearly crying because I keep seeing beautiful things that Lisa would have loved to see.

I’m doing the equivalent of man spreading but it is dog placing. Gidget is taking up a whole seat next to me in the observation car. I feel bad. But not bad enough to stop. I want to be near both my dog and luggage and be able to see easily. So this is where we’ve ended up and it is great.

We just went by a bunch of train carriages and their containers that were strewn about. Some of the containers had rips in them. Encouraging!

It’s amazing just how jungly Missouri is. A lot of the time we are just going through a tunnel of tree

I’ve got to say, the part of Missouri we went through is exponentially prettier than this part of Illinois. Flowery jungle is much prettier than soybeans and maize.

There I go crying again. This time just thinking about how I would rather be having the shittiest time in the world taking care of you love. It was so awful. But it was better than this. I can’t believe you are gone.

I think I might be more emotional than normal because I’m doing something new. But also it might just be because Gidget needs to stay in the cage. I think her touch is very good for me. She has been there for me through so much. I lose her too sometime soon and I’m not looking forward to it. I’m going to have to force myself to adopt a new dog really quick. It’s how Lisa got me out of my depression with Zoe died.

Talking to someone in a discord I’m part of and they were talking about how fashionable people in Chicago are and I said “my wife would have loved people watching there”. Not really shedding this reputation of depressing everyone I encounter. 

The train was pretty late. I walked to the hotel, checked in, took the dog on a walk, now I’m going to find us some food.

We went to barrio. I’m having the first alcoholic beverage I’ve had in probably more than a year. It is a pretty mid margarita. We came here because it was the first place I knew of with a doggie menu. Gidget is getting chicken. Ceviche was good. Not spicy enough but I still liked it. Mango-mule was good. Faux cocktail. I’m really hammered off one drink. Empty stomach plus not drinking does it to me apparently.

The rest of the food was o pretty good. Better than what I’ve had recently. Gidget went fucking feral on the chicken. He set down kind of close to her on the table and she just went after it. I fed her little bits throughout the meal. 

A couple women having meal on the river walk wanted to meet Gidget. Then they took a photo. 

I brought the leftovers home and put them in the fridge. Then I went to The Northman to get a cider and pretzel. The cider was good the pretzel was greasy. I wasn’t anticipating that. But it was a nice time. 

Then we went east to the lake. I cried when I saw the lake. I have a lot of good memories with Lisa at the cottage. And I never thought I’d see it again. 

I spent all of last year dreaming about Lisa getting better and us coming here. It is terrible she isn’t here with me. 

We got home way past our bedtimes. We normally are sleeping by eight thirty. It is nine right now.