woke up at around 5:10. Stayed in bed until 6ish. I guess I'm sleeping well. 

Took Gidget dog on a walk. 2 people stopped me to tell her how cute she was. 

Made some eggs for the pup, she didn't eat :(

Took a shower, unloaded the dishwasher. 

Sitting down to write now

Mary claire called and apologized about the fucked up thing she told me 5 or so months before Lisa died. This is nice. I was still extremely angry with her but I am not now.

Ma and pop came over to help. 

I went through pictures and gave them to different folk

Ate fruit with pop, dan came over to say high, same with mark

I'm worried about ma. Pop told me she wasn't eating much. I hope she starts eating soon before it becomes a problem.

Went to the mitchells house. Gave them an elephant pot and a bunch of photos. 

Made gidgets food, cut her treats

Nieces and nephews came over to ransack Lisa's stuff. I'm really happy they took so much of it! It is also a brain fuck to meet these people that I haven't seen in years. I've talked about 40k to nephews now twice in two days. It's weird that a game I played 20 years ago is still relevant to the youths

Ma and pa left around 3.

Ate some corn, cilantro-lime rice, and refried bean burritos.

Talked to Elizabeth on the phone. She was very complementary about this project. She also apologized for not being here for me, and I told her that there is nothing to apologize for given that she literally couldn't have done more than she did. Lisa had me helping her most of the day, and what little downtime I had I needed to be doing things for me. 

Ate even more burritos. I think I had 8 small burritos total. It was really good. 

Playing games with my friends tonight. 

After that I'm going to go directly to sleep because today was a big day of cleaning and I'm beat. 
