I had a hard time sleeping in a different space.

Gidget and I were out of the hotel by six. I took her to the river walk to do her business. We then wandered around river north (in her purse). We went back to the hotel and showered. Then we went to a restaurant that Kimberly and Tim recommended, Beatrix, in River north. The chilaquiles and oj were good. The patio is nice.

The hostess had to come tell me how much she loved Gidget. We talked about her for a minute or so. 

I think walked about. Went east from River north to the lakefront trail. Went on that a bit, then went into Grant part some. Got home at 10:40. I think I’m going to read in here until the house service comes just to cool down.

Spent a few hours around Grant park and Michigan Ave. I read in the shade. 

I really don’t want my life to change. I didn’t like taking care of Lisa. It was really hard. I don’t think I did a good job. Etc. but I just want to get back to that. I miss her so much and I’d rather be doing that any day than this.

Took a nap. Went downstairs and ate at the hotel restaurant. I got a veggie burger. I wasn’t expecting much. It is the hotel restaurant. But it was really good. There was also an anti Trump protest close. I kept hearing “no more ice cream” but they were saying no more ice raids.

On the way up from that Gidget got a lot of good attention from a maid. We had trouble communicating because she spoke primarily Spanish, but Gidget got lots of good scritches. Gidget made a lot of approving noises.

Took a nap. Went back out at five. Walked along the lakefront. Then Gidget and I read on the riverfront at a nice private picnic table. There were flowers all around. Then we walked the river walk some and looked for food. Too many people for my taste. Tomorrow I need to get dinner at four. We just ordered in some Indian food. 

Hopefully going to bed at 8:30 tonight.