woke up at four. Laid in bed until 5:50. Ate some banana and pb. 

Walked the pup. I think I saw a beaver in the creek! It could have been a nutria though. But I'm pretty sure its tail was big and flat so I'm thinking beaver.

Took shower. 

I'm planning on heading to petco or petsmart to buy a dog carrying luggage for the trip. I think I might go to the electric bike shop too. I'm pretty sure I'll buy an e-bike as my primary means of transport in Columbia. I'll put a dog holder on the front of it.

Worked on this a bit. I have a big backlog of things I want to write down. 

I went to petsmart to try to find gidget a carrier for my trip to Chicago. They didn't have anything so I just bought something off the internet. I think everyone thinks I'm crazy for wearing an N95 everywhere. Oh well.

Gidget and I then went to an electric bike shop but it didn't open until 10:20 and it was around 9. So we just went over to the mitchells house for a bit to say hi.

I came home and ate a couple big pepper, black bean, and corn burritos. They were good.

Bought an e-bike with dog holder. I'm having second thoughts about it because it doesn't have a great suspension. Oh well. We will see. It will be great if I ever move to a city. 

Napped for a bit.

Had hummus falafel tortilla wraps. They were pretty good

Took a short nap

Read The Wandering Inn

I have a lot of good people I’m seeing a lot of. But I think I’m more alone than I have been since junior year of college. I started living alone that year and it was before I became a regular at the bar. But since that time I’ve had a lot of social life and then Lisa came around and we’ve been inseparable since just a few months into our relationship. It is weird. I’m glad I’ve got Gidget with me.

Ate some vegan sushi and seaweed salad.

Took the dog on a walk

In bed early