I had real trouble sleeping last night. I think I got 4 hours of sleep. I woke up thinking about what I needed to do in the basement today. So I woke at 4ish and got to work. I think I have a day's worth of work down there, but it will be split over two days. Tomorrow I'm bringing up the rest of the furniture, the next day (after the bin is emptied) I'm going to put the heavy ass king mattress in the bin along with whatever else junk I have down there. Then I just need to finish up the garage and outdoors situation.

After I did all that, Gidget and I biked down to the trail and took her on a walk. The bike was real easy and it will prevent me doing stupid little 1 mile long drives with the car. I'm thrilled. 

Then I took a shower. 

I made a spinach, chili powder, sherry, chickpea, tomato, and thyme soup. It is outstanding. 

I helped Dan bring some junk to my bin. He let me borrow his shop vac. He recommended Swift Construction for my remodel. He said batteries plus takes old batteries. 

Ted Weber came over. He likes the house and he gave me a lot of recommendations on what to change. 
    
    Landscaping: Trees branches off the driveway, and push plantings away from the sidewalk. Natives sounds good.

    Siding: Cement board

    Gutters: leaf guard or

    Big Window up front needs sealing

    Oil bronze fixtures in the front of the house

    Put in new smoke detectors

    Can lights instead of the track lights

    Refinish the floors downstairs to be natural finish

    Hemme or John Hawkins for contractors

    Brown tan pattern in carpet going downstairs

    Engineered hardwood - look into for upstairs

    Globes in new light fixture in guest bathroom, remove towel holders, Frame mirror

    Light fixtures in main bathroom, new counter, new hardward

    Trecs deck

    Maybe front door? 

He said I could call for any sort of advice. 

Laid on the couch because I was so tired. Fell asleep for an hour. Woke right before I went to dinner.

Had dinner outside on the patio at Flyover with the inlaws and parents. It was really nice. I came home ready to tell Lisa that the conversations were nice even without meticulous planning but then I remembered she was gone. The food was also very good (but not up to Gidget's standards unfortunately. I guess she goes hungry tonight). 

It was the first time I'd been separated from Gidget (other than her teeth cleaning and my runs) since Lisa died. I've taken her literally everywhere else. We've been to the funeral home, ray and robyns, friends houses, chicago, restaurants, trains, etc etc etc. So, she didn't bark or anything when I got home (she used to with Lisa because Lisa would really gas her up) but I took her out, she peed, I tried feeding her my leftovers, and then miraculously she wanted to play. So we did karate chops and the like for a while and now she is sleeping. So I guess she just doesn't want to play with me because we are constantly around each other. 

Going to bed early tonight. I really want to just lay there for a few hours (this is untrue. I hope I sleep). 