Woke up at 5:20ish. Slept well. Gidget made a big noise in the middle of the night. I'm guessing it was mouth pain but I told her it would be ok and she went back to sleep.

I've been having bananas with pb every morning right when I wake up. It is a nice little breakfast snack before Gidget and I do our walk.

I've been transporting gidget in her travel cage (it is soft and pink. Very cute) to get her used to it. She whimpered a little today when we went to the trail. But she was quiet by the time we made it there (like a 30 second drive). 

Gidget walked very well on the trail this morning. I felt a little bit bad about having a short one. I'm still in a tiny amount of pain with my left leg. I hope it is completely gone by Tuesday so I don't have to worry about it in Chicago. I'd also like to run every other day I'm there. 

I got a omelet from Big Mama's Place. I've never had food from this place but I don't feel like cooking and a veggie omelet sounded good for both me and the pup. I have given up on veganism for the time being. I will get back to it when I get home from the trip. I originally abandoned it because I was trying to get my grieving little pup to eat. But I have just lost the motivation and eating eggs and the like is just so much easier. And I'm not going to bother with it because my eating options in Chicago are limited by the pup, so I don't want a further constraint. 

The plan for today it to finalize getting ready for my trip and trying to relax. I'm worried about the trip since I haven't been out of the house is six years. Emily is also going to come over briefly and I'm going to go over to the mitchells for a bit. Oh and I play games tonight.

Jesus. It's almost been three weeks already. It seems just like yesterday.

I saw the mitchells for a bit. I can't believe how much more behaved Bella is and also how much bigger she is. I think I'm going to miss the company of them over the next 10 days. It will be very strange not seeing anyone I know for so long. Gidget dog complained a bit about being in her carrying cage but settled down within a couple minutes both times we used it on the way and back from their house. So I'm getting less nervous about traveling with her. 

I feel a bit bad that all my visits to them are relatively short. But I'm just so exhausted by socializing. 

Mary Claire Called for about 20 minutes. It was nice to talk to her but talking with her, the mitchells and emily is going to be terrible on my energy.

Emily is very late. I'm having an extremely social day.

Its nuts to me that I haven't played any video games (besides my weekly game) since Lisa died. I just have no interest. 

I ate some sushi for lunch. 

Played games with friends

Ate lentils for dinner