Woke up at 1:30 feeling rested, looked at the clock and couldn't believe it. Then my brain started thinking about Lisa and this project to memorialize her. Fuck. I guess I'm a 4 hours kind of guy now. And I am not, in fact, feeling rested at all.

I'm going to buy a domain (lisamitchell.org) and point it at this repo. I also need to make an email so people can let me know if they want to be invited to the party or contribute to this thing. 

Ate some fruit at 3:50. I'm going on my weekly long run at 7. I'm meeting Mal at the forum park entrance, she is going to run a very short run. So my there and back is going to be all fucked. 

Notified the good doctors Lisa had of her death and thanked them. 

Looked through 2012 photos. Looking through pictures is so hard. We were so happy back then. 

Its fucking weird having lights on in this house. For years and years I haven't turned on lights very often because the light would hurt Lisa. Being able to have lights on any time I want is just odd and I'm having to think about putting them on. It is going to make gloomy days a lot less depressing. 

Getting my namecheap.com account unfreezed so I can buy a new domain.

Need to go drink my coffee and get ready to run. It is weird running this late. 

I ran about a mile with Mal during my 7 mile run. It was nice. Coming up the hill I had a sense of Deja Vu, like I had run like that and Lisa was gone while the weather was nice like it was and the sun was coming through the trees. But this I've definitely never had any of this happen before to me. 

I listened to a Strangers in the Tangled Wilderness podcast about the martyrdom culture in Rojava. The piece was a memoir of a western that went to Rojava to join the women's protection units (armed women who fight all the groups oppressing the people in the Kurdish regions. These women played a very large roll in destroying ISIS) and how everyone there is always keeping in mind the people who have sacrificed everything for democracy and equality. But the author of the piece wrote something about how you love these people who die that really struck me. 

The quote is: "There is a cutting harshness in the reality of armed struggle, one that can’t be softened: at some point, people you love die. One day she is there, bringing you a tea made in that way she knows you like, handling her sidearm with way less care than you would prefer, telling you something you’d rather not hear, discussing the book you’re reading together, and then the next day she isn’t here in the world anymore, and never will be again, except in the ways you and others bring her here: by remembering her, by making and fulfilling your promise to her in the life you are still living. That love you have doesn’t disappear."

After the run, I took Gidget to the trail for a walk. The mosquitoes were awful but she had a nice walk. Two people told me she was cute, one insisted that I take off my headphones so that I could hear her praise Gidget. She had a dog and I didn't praise it (ADAB(all dogs are beautiful)) because I'm socially awkward and in a daze. I nearly told her my wife just died and Gidget is sad right now (lol). I think that line is going to be like Arch linux users. People who use Arch: "I use arch btw". Me: "My wife is dead btw".

When I got home Gidget took off my very sweaty socks for me like she used to do with Lisa ❤️. She then proceeded to throw them all over the place and kill them for me. Good pup. 

Ate a huge bowl of brown rice with amazing Shared Culture soy sauce while listening to music on a Bluetooth speaker in the room Lisa used to spend her days is fucking weird. It was the Decemberists. Lisa didn't like them. They were my favorite band at the time. In fact we didn't have a ton of shared interests. But we were very compatible temperamentally and morally (both of us fundamentally believe every person matters to our very core). We could also make each other laugh. And we like the same sorts of comedy.

I then just sat on the porch with my bluetooth speaker and Gidget and listened to Tracy Chapman. I ate peanuts and didn't read anything. Just enjoyed being able to site and do nothing will enjoying loud noises. 

Then I fucked around with this stuff. I figure out how to make mail boxes for people to communicate to me about memorializing Lisa. And I've written a bit here. 

I cleaned a lot while blaring Cake. It was a good time. Cleaning isn't terrible when you need to occupy your hands. 

My parents came over, they drove in from Florida. It was really nice seeing them. I thought it'd be too much but I really enjoyed it. They are planning on throwing stuff away around my house and reorganizing over the next 8 days. Everyone is wearing n95s when they come in the house so that is nice. 

After that I went to Cafe Poland. Ivana sold the place! It was all wrong I nearly threw a god damned fit. But I explained the situation to the gentleman and I told him just to tell Ivana I'd stopped by. I got the breakfast hotdog because it was lisa's favorite and the cabbage roll. I'm fucking full as shit now. Ivana came by and I gave her a hug. I hadn't seen her in 2 years, the night Lisa went to the hospital. I ended crying in Cafe Poland and told her it was my favorite place in the world. I think I went a 9 and she was surprised because I used to mostly get food from there early when Lisa didn't need much help (that changed after the hospital 💔). But we had a nice conversation. She didn't know Mary Claire was sick and she told me to let her know that she loved her. And I Ivana is doing some caregiving so I told her to call me if she ever needs a person to talk to about that. Oh and then the gentleman that owns the place gave me a shake for free! And the weather on the porch today wasn't terrible. I think it was 80% and shaded. So pretty good. 

I then came home and did this stuff. I finalized the obit. Now I'm going to write a little story about Lisa and I going into Cafe Poland in one of her relatively good health periods.  

It is almost 7. I think I'm going to try to go to sleep early tonight. 
