Woke up at 3:30 for some fucking reason. I think Gidget going under today has me pretty on edge. I really don't want to lose that little guy. Got out of bed at four. 

Started packing for the trip. Unloaded the dishwasher.

Made sure all food and water was off the ground. Gidget dog is fasting.

Dropped off Gidget dog. Picked up Lisa's ashes.

Came home and picked up the house a bit, made a lot of dog food for the trip, and programmed the roomba. I'm going to have to buy some dog food for her in situ but that is ok. The rice is going to be frozen so hopefully she can stomach it, otherwise the pup is going to enjoy a lot of human food.

Going to lunch at Ray and Robyns today. I haven't eaten at all today so I'm very hungry. I think I will eat there and then get some take out on the way home (because I'm that hungry).

It is lonely around the house today without the pup.

Started watching one of Bourdain's chicago episodes. 

Talked to pop for a bit. 

Going to Mal's tonight at around five. 

Worked on this for a bit. Just a couple short little things. 

I'm a home body. I don't like breaking my routines. I just like to be around doing my thing. I've been like this for a long time. Lisa would always plan trips and I would go along not all that enthusiastically. But she'd always tell me that I would love it when I got there. And almost every trip we went on I ended up enjoying. 

Lunch was nice. We had veggie sandwiches and they were fantastic. It was weird not having the pup with me. 

I came home and watched some more anthony bourdain chicago stuff. 

Typed some in here.

Then I got the phone call. Gidget survived! With three less teeth but the doctor thought that was a really good result. I got her and she is high as balls. Her little tongue is sticking out even more than normal.

Went to Mals for 30 minutes. It was a nice visit. Gidget was making little pitiful noises a lot of the time. 

Ordered Ethiopian food before I departed. It came right after I got to my house. It was really great. 

I used to always tell Lisa we would get through this together.

Typing on this tiny little keyboard I’m bringing to Chicago with me. It is a pain in the ass so far. I wish my linux tablet would have got here in time. Taking an iPad mini to type on is going to be a nightmare.

When I think of the finality of Lisa’s death I think that this must be a video game where I can go back to an earlier save. It must be. I guess this is the modern version of “it felt like a nightmare I couldn’t wake up from”. I guess it is a good thing I’ve been playing dungeon crawl for years where death is permanent. At least I'm a little prepared (this is a joke).

I'll be going to bed soon. Early again. Tomorrow I'm running. 

I just saw they were making a new Dexter. Made a mental note to tell Lisa 💔

I had a hard time getting to sleep. I ended up falling asleep after 10. I ate some ramen (I'd call this move  "Thomas Ambien" back in the day when Lisa was taking ambien) and went right to sleep afterwards. 