Slept wellish at home. 6 hours of sleep (8-9 is ideal). 

Puttered around until I went on a run. My fucking watch for tracking runs didn't work so I just guessed. Ran ok, cried for part of. I also walked some of it which I try not to do, but I am trying to be gentle on myself. I can also run anytime I want, but it is hot as balls out there. My shirt was soaked through. 

I then took Gidget on a walk. She is moving slow. Gidget keeps just looking at me. She normally is asleep on her heating pads. But I think she is waiting to go great her mommy. Every day even on the worst days Gidget would stand on Lisa’s bed and they would greet each other. On bad months it would be Gidgets only real interaction with Lisa. But she would waggle her little tail and put her head on the mattress while making little happy growling noises as Lisa talked to her. 

I got home and showered. Fucking bizarre. Normally I would have to wait till afternoon to shower because Lisa needed me during the mornings. Before the shower I threw away all of her bedding and stuff in that room. I'm going to miss her so much. Now I'm crying again. 

I ate a thing of instant noodles and cleaned the porch table and chairs. They were disgusting but I ate outside and Gidget barked at Dan when he yelled hello to us. 

Then I started to make this thing (the repo and these notes). During it I talked to Uthayla about spending time in London with her and her family. She invited Gidget too. Up to 6 months visa free to England apparently. 

I keep having these moments where I hear something or see something that I think would make Lisa laugh, I was always trying to do that, and realize that she isn't around anymore again. It is like a ghost appendage. 

While doing this I was listening to my music super low. This is habit because I needed to be able to hear Lisa. Now I have it loud while play.

I just heard her yell at me faintly and I turned around to go help, and then realized it was just my imagination. Fucking devastating.

Visited the mitchells. We talked about lisa a bunch. I mentioned that I'm cleaning up the house and removing the various things that made the environment doable for Lisa. So thr house is much brighter and cheerful. 

It is supposed to be stormy this week. This sent me into a little bit of a fight or flight situation thinking about everything I need to do if we get a storm to handle the flashes. Again, the realization that it isn't a problem anymore is just weird. It doesn't feel right.

Talked to Uthayla for a couples hours. She seems very well. We talked about politics, I told her things about Lisa, she told me about her kids and what they are doing, her experiences being a care giver and grieving, etc, etc. She really does want me to come visit and says her kids love new people. And her village sounds very nice. I would like to spend some time in London as well. Ben, her husband, used to be a systems architect so we would probably ge along swimmingly. We also talked about class and what it is like to be an american of unknown class interacting in england. I forgot to ask about her brother. 

Ate some brussels sprouts on the front porch. Then read my book in the sun room for a bit. Looked for things that Lisa's mom wants, found the heirloom table coverings. Can't find Lisa's jewelry box. Maybe it was thrown away when the cleaning crew was here.

Sat with Gidget dog in the sun room and read for a bit. Eight hours of sleep over two days is catching up to me though and this might be naptime. Groceries are also coming. 

Ate two grilled cheese. I made them indoors! The noise was too much for Lisa. The cooking fat was olive oil, the "cheese" was follow your heart provolone. Im not used to skillet cooking anymore so I burned it slightly but it was very tasty. 

I just had a mini panic attack. I was dozing off in my chair in the sun room. And I have music going in the other room that is audible here. As I was dozing off I thought OH FUCK that noise is definitely hurting Lisa! 😭

Dropped off heirloom table cloths and some jewelry to robyn, then saw mal again for an hour. She gave me more chicken casserole. I'm a bit angry that it isn't something new.  

I'm going to read and then go to sleep. Thanks for following along. 

Other things I missed. Gidget dog got her flee medication. She refused to eat it in fake cheese so I had to get out the emergency grass fed cheese. She ate it then. I'm switching her from a home made diet I was doing because every dog food had gluten in it. We got her fresh pet and she ate it all and left her old food. So that is a good sign