We woke up at sixish. Took the dog out. Showered. Ate leftovers. Then I went on an adventure.

First we went to see Jane Adams park and the beach over there. Then we started walking towards the restaurant I wanted to go to. It was a long way away, but I just wanted to mosey and see the city. So we saw a lot. Northwestern, the Gold Coast, then some industrial areas, and finally to the restaurant. This wasn’t a planned trip. I just decided to walk. 

But the restaurant was closed and id walked for like 3 hours so I just got on the subway and made it to The Publican for lunch. At first I was the only person outside but the food was really good. I’ll probably be going back there. The waitress at the end of my meal asked what the meal was all about (I got expensive oysters, a salad, a faux wine, and some sorbet). Was I celebrating something? So I got to do my ummm not exactly more of mourning my wife’s death.

Took the train back home where I’m relaxing until this evening. It is hot out there and Gidget and I need a break.

We got Thai food delivered. There was a big storm here 

Gidget and I went back out at around six. We walked to the lake again. My right foot was bothering me. Gidget moseyed about the lake area. 

There was a karaoke event held on a boat that people were going to. I can’t imagine going to an event on a boat. What happens when you inevitably want to duck out early?

We got home around seven. I looked the bottom of my big toe and it is pretty not great looking. Let’s hope I can walk well on it tomorrow. If not we might have to go home early because gidgets green areas are relatively far away. We’ll see. 

Anyways, going to bed again early.