I woke up at 5:30ish. Then I took the dog our real quick and then explored the trail with my new bike. 

On that trip I went down the newly opened spur. It is paved and there were wetlands on either side of the trail and lots of flowers. Then I got to about the half way point of the trip to rocheport. And then I came home. I was concerned because I used up about half the battery which isn't good. 

I got home, and the trash bin had been delivered. So I started to clear out my garage of the stuff we cleared from the two living floors of my house. Some glass fell on the street when I was doing that :(. 

Gidget and I then had a nice walk with Robyn. We talked about all sorts of things. Ray might be rending a bike soon. We talked about Lisa a bit. We talked about how I'm a bit afraid of not having anyone around in case an accident happens to me. She also talked about how she was worried about their stuff. I should have let her know now that I don't have Lisa she has me to rely on and I'm pretty dependable. 

I then came home and finished up the first part of the garage job. I think I'm going to have to get them to clear the bin before I'm done which will double the cost. Oh well. I guess I don't have a typical situation. 

I came inside and showered. I ordered some Egg McSandwiches. The last time I had those was the day I got so sick when I was caring for Lisa. I stopped eating take out after that and thought that I'd never eat another Egg McSandwich. 

I then went on another ride on the bike to see if going to Rocheport was actually doable. And I made it 33% of the way there while using very little juice. I just need to rely on my peddles a bit more and use the electric motor more to get up to speed and to occasionally take a break. 

Gidget did not like being left alone, but I need another part for her carrying cage. It should be here soonish and then we won't have to use our car as much.

A few weeks before Lisa killed herself I started eating spaghetti again. I found a brand of gluten free that I really liked and it was amazing. It was making me happy. I'm having some again after a few weeks break and it just makes me so sad. I really think we were actually on the verge of having some hope. I had a theory that her pain was relatively good after she was in the hospital because she had a saline IV... I've read that it helps for people's head pain sometimes, especially a type that Lisa would get. And I think the new doctor said that that was a good idea. Fuck. I fucking hate that her fear killed her. She was so disoriented and just was so afraid for me and Gidget dog. It is just so fucking tragic. She was just this amazing person who was just utterly fucked by her own body and the medical systems complete and utter contempt for women and their pain. Even the day before she killed herself I was so optimistic and I let her know many times during that day. She was doing good that day, and I don't think she planned on killing herself because she brushed her teeth that day. Our lives were objectively awful. Hers especially. I wouldn't put anyone through what she went through, even the worst of people. But fuck do I wish she was here with me. I was prepared to spend the rest of my life caring for her and I would have preferred that so much (even if I would complain along the way, we always joked about how much I would complain).

I noticed it is a month since Lisa killed herself. I did not want to know this. I don’t even know when our marriage started or when we met! I don’t want to know when it ended! Fuck.