We decided last night that we are going home today. It is sort of disappointing, but I’m really tired and my foot isn’t helping. Gidget falling off the bed also really made me afraid. I really don’t want her to be injured and I’m a little too emotionally fragile to handle the idea of her falling. I’m also a little too out of it to remember to pick her up every time I go somewhere. So we are headed back today. It was really nice to get away for a bit but I do want to be home too. 

We woke up at five. Went on the river walk one last time to see Lake Michigan. Gidget went to the bathroom. I was really excited at the start of the walk because I had no pain in my foot and was wondering if I’d made a mistake. By the end of the walk my foot was hurting. Lesson: walk less or get much better foot gear. 

We are going to go to the idyllic little dog park in a bit, then head to the Amtrak station. I really like that park. It seems like it is just used by dog lovers and locals.

Across the river is the langham. I think it was in 2019 that I decided I wanted to take Lisa there and have their high tea. She would have loved it. It would have been like an hour long plane ride, then a trip downtown, and a stay at a five star hotel.

We went to the nice dog park for an hour and a half and just sat in front of the fountains. It was nice. I will miss the parks quite a bit. I won’t miss the people. I think a problem with vacationing for me is that I feel like I must make the most of my time. And time pressure like that makes me do stupid shit like walk a lot and hurt myself. I think I’ll come back to Chicago this year sometime, but I’ll make sure the dog park is very very close to the hotel so that I can just spend some lazing about. 

I really enjoyed exploring the city on foot. It was great to see how neighborhoods changed and developed as I moved. It is a beautiful place and very vibrant. I had some really good food, even just the delivery I had.

While on the train I was thinking about how hard my life has been. But the thing that made me cry was just thinking about poor Lisa’s life. She had it so fucking hard for so long. Just unbelievable amount of pain and suffering for so long. She just had me, the pup, and her pain in those last years of her life. It is just so fucking cruel.

It’s weird listening to people just talking about their lives. It makes me feel so weird. Like how am I to relate to these people?

The drive home was fine. The food I scheduled for delivery came right after I got home so that was great. Are brushed teeths and now I’m passing out. 

I’m happy to be home but Im profoundly sad to be in a place with such horrible memories. I hope I either leave and start a new life somewhere or this place gets happy memories again.