![The photo shows a woman with light brown hair sitting on a white couch. She's wearing glasses and a dark blue long-sleeved top over blue and white patterned pajama pants. A light blue surgical face mask is folded and used as a party hat. She is smiling slightly and looking down. A small Shih Tzu lies curled up on a white blanket on the couch beside her. There are several pillows on the couch behind the woman, including a maroon-colored pillow with a floral pattern, and a striped pillow in yellow, beige, and blue. The couch is in a living room with two framed pictures of trees in autumn on the wall behind the couch. The overall atmosphere is calm and relaxed, with a somewhat informal and comfortable feel. The lighting is soft and indoor.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2013/WP_000511.jpg?raw=true")

![The image shows a man from the chest up, his body facing slightly to the right of the viewer. He is shirtless, with light skin and some chest hair. His hair is brown and fairly short, styled in a somewhat shaggy manner that falls mostly straight down. A light blue, disposable face mask is folded and balanced on top of his head, held in place by the loops of the mask hanging down the sides of his head. He has a beard and mustache, and his expression is neutral, not conveying any particular emotion.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2013/WP_000513.jpg?raw=true")

In the year or two before Lisa retired she was having health problems. Brain fog, migraines, her vision was shaky etc etc. She wasn't anywhere near how bad she was in the end. But she still wasn't comfortable in her own body a lot of time. 

One night she was feeling really down about that. And one of my tactics when that was happening was to try to get her to laugh. A lot of the time I would simple lie on the floor and refuse to get back up. Tell her I now lived on the floor because I was so sad. 

In one instance I told Lisa that we were going to have a pity party. So I went and found some surgical masks to make party hats and I'm pretty sure I sang to her. The pictures on this post are of that day. She looks to be a lot happier after I started to act like a jackass. 