One morning I was making breakfast and Lisa out on the porch. Back in the day I was constantly naked. Why wear cloths when you can be naked? So I'm frying eggs without a stich of clothing on me (dangerous I know). And Lisa just yells: "THOMAS COME HERE. COME HERE COME HERE!" So I think it is an emergency. So I run out onto the deck where Lisa was and Lisa was just very excited because some hot air balloons were directly over the deck. So these people that were like 10 feet away from us got to see me naked which I'm sure was thrilling for them. 

I was like, "wtf, why did you call me out here when there were people that were basically in our back yard?" She didn't think about the fact that her husband was constantly naked. But she was just super excited because these things were right over the house.

We laughed about this for years afterwards. It used to be one of my favorite stories to tell folk. 

![Lisa is in pajamas stands pensively by a kitchen window, gazing out at a deck and backyard. She has shoulder-length, curly brown hair, wearing light gray pajama pants and a matching long-sleeved top with a subtle pattern. She is positioned near a kitchen door or window, her body angled slightly away from the camera as she looks out. The view outside shows a wooden deck, a partially visible wooden picnic table, and lush green trees. Flowers, predominantly pink, are partially visible in a planter near the bottom of the window. Inside, the kitchen appears dimly lit; a magnetic knife strip holding a variety of knives is mounted on the wall, and part of a dark-colored refrigerator is visible to the left. The background is muted; the walls are a grayish-brown, and the overall lighting is subdued and slightly cool-toned. A light-colored, slightly distressed wooden chair is partially visible in the lower right corner, positioned next to the window and what looks to be a portion of a wooden dining table.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2013/WP_000615.jpg?raw=true)

![Lisa in pajamas stands by a door looking out at a deck and woods. Lisa is standing near a white door. She is wearing light-colored pajamas with a subtle pattern. Her hair is light brown and is shoulder-length. She has glasses and seems to be looking out the window to a deck. On the deck, there are a couple of wooden rocking chairs. Beyond the deck is a view of some leafy green trees. There are potted plants visible near the door, including some red and white flowers. Inside the home, to the left, there is a dark area where several knives are hung on a rack on the wall. A wooden chair is partially visible in the foreground on the right, next to a wooden table. The overall mood of the image is calm and peaceful; the lighting is somewhat subdued. Lisa is giving a very blurry thumbs up.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2013/WP_000616.jpg?raw=true)