Lisa wanted to write a book about what it was like to go from being a person trying to help people to being the person being cared for. So she started to do that. The draft of that is in "lisas documents" folder of this project. I haven't actually read it. 

But we moved a table in the sun room and I set her up with monitors and the like. She loved working in there because we had all of our plants and it was very bright and she had a beautiful view of the valley out our backyard. She'd drink her tea or coffee and work on that while I was at work. Apparently Gidget dog would be on her lap at all times, she'd even carry Gidget to the bathroom with her. This is when Gidget was just a wee pup, I think we only had Gidget for like 5 months before things went to shit.  

She was worried about losing it, so I came up with a system that would convert the word doc to a text doc and then automatically send the document up to a repo so she'd get all the niceness of source control without actually knowing what it was doing. I'm so happy that I did this for her because it allowed me to easily find that document for publication here.  


![The image shows Lisa sitting at a wooden desk in a sunlit room. She is wrapped in a blue and white blanket and is holding a mug. On the desk there are several electronic devices including a laptop, tablet, and a surface. There are also several books and papers visible. The desk is situated in front of a large window that looks out onto a deck and leafy backyard. Zoe, a black and white Shih zhu, is standing near the base of her chair. Several plants and  watering cans are on the floor. The overall mood of the picture is cozy and calm. The image suggests a feeling of working from home or spending a relaxing day at home.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2014/WP_20140915_001.jpg?raw=true)