woke up to the sounds of thunder and flashes of lightning. I had a panic attack because I didn't wake up lisa to put on her mask before it hit. Now I'm just crushed because my lovey is gone. 

My adrenaline was still going so I thought maybe food might make me sleepy. Went downstairs and had spicy olives. Realized that running a mostly empty dishwasher each day is stupid so I went to the basement to get more of the glass leftover containers I feed Gidget in. So now I’ll be able to go five days between washes at maximum. Brushed my teeth, now it’s time to try to go to sleep.

Woke up, not getting back to sleep. 4 hours last night. 

Working on this memories thing. Responding to various folk on email and mastodon. There are an overwhelming number of things on mastodon. I guess I really made a community there. 

"Thank you for this. We are hanging in there. I normally sleep like the dead, but I've got like 12 hours in three days so that sucks. But I have literally no responsibilities for the first time in like 10 years. Its weird to have a perpetual weekend after complaining constantly that I didn't have any. I guess be careful what you wish for."

"Caregiving is hard isn't it? I feel like anything I could do for the rest of my life will be easier. It is just so hard because you love the person so much so you hurt for them all while trying to keep them safe and comfortable. I don't know what it is going to feel like to actually be able to relax."

My mind doesn't think in images. So seeing her in photos is really fucking me up. I can't believe she is gone. Her life was so hard. 

I'm going to take the dog on her walk. I don't even think she is out of bed yet, but I don't want to walk on the trail anymore when it is fucking hot as hell. 

Came home and ate some peanuts on the porch. Contacted the yard people because Kimberly and Tim wanted to give me some cone flowers they sprouted. 

Took a shower, gave Tim and Kimberly some peanuts from my 25 lbs bag and brought the 15 or so plants back to my house. I cried while arranging them because Lisa wanted to add more plants to that spot for a long time. I was so happy to tell her that we were putting them in! I get how it would be nice to talk to your loved ones after they died. It is an appealing concept.  

I still haven't been able to read my novel. That's all I've been doing lately.

I contacted Dan to see if his wife would help train the Mitchells puppy.

I'm going to go eat some fruit now. Ate cherries, blue berries, strawberries and a banana

Talked to mom briefly

Listening to some phebe bridgers. It came on randomly and it is perfect. Smoke Signals might be my favorite sad song.

Cleaning up a bit more. Getting rid of all the stuff I had for wound care. I got a whiff of the cleansing whips she was using in lue of showering. And I just immediately started bawling. Probably the loudest I've cried since I saw her. Smell really hits you right in the center of the heart doesn't it. Theraworx Protect Advanced Hygiene is the name of the product

Bright eyes came on. I think the random number gods are just lining up with my mood. Or maybe it is that I like sad music and my collection tends to be like that.

Ate some gardien fake chicken strips with some new mustard. Didn’t like the mustard much. The fake chicken was ok. 

Talken to people from me "So she was sensitive to pretty much every thing. Like I couldn’t even touch her because pressure, heat, and cold all were bad. But her biggest problem was always light. Especially if the light was an extreme difference. So lightning flashes would really fuck her up. So she would put on one of those sleeping masks during storms. She used to use ear plugs too but her sound sensitivity got a lot better."

Talked to a lot of people via messaging things. 

Took a nap around 12:30 for an hour. 

Woke up and took Gidget out. We were at the top of the driveway and one of my neighbors drove by. He then went past my house, stopped, backed up in reverse quickly, and stopped and yelled, if there is anything I need just ask with tears in his eyes visible sad. I then asked where he lived and introduced myself. He is the gentleman that lives next to Dan. I wave at him a lot when they are out in their hammock. Him and Dan get together for drinks once a week. Anyways, it was a weird situation but also very refreshing. I think his name was Jim

Writing some more memories down about Lisa. 

Couldn't make it past 2011 on my photo review. I started crying when looking at the 2011 photos because she looked so happy in one photo. We had our whole fucking future ahead of us and we both thought it was so bright. 

The days are so fucking long without her. I can't believe it is only 2. My brain has been completely warped by having to be constantly moving to help her for the past 5 years. 

I called the trash company for them to drop off a dumpster for me. I'm planning on throwing away a bunch of shit. She horded boxes that I need to get rid of. It has driven me crazy for years that our basement is so cluttered. So I'm going to take care of that. Maybe when the basement is fixed I can start using my weights again (I only did for the very brief period she was good between my last two jobs). Using weights is apparently pretty healthy and I need something in addition to running. 

Listening to ramshackled glory. I feel like it is a good sound for this situation. Your Heart Is a Muscle the Size of Your Fist

I realized at some point in the past couple days that I'll be able to play games I used to not be able to play because of the interruptions. I could only play games that I could pause because Lisa would call me maybe every 15 minutes? And because of these interruptions, even games that I could pause that were narrative heavy were just not doable since I wouldn't be able to follow a narrative thread with all the interruptions. Its so weird the way so much of my life was changed because of Lisa's limitations and needs.

Social Security sent me a notification that I'm entitled to the big bucks. I have north of $200 coming to me. 

John Pham called to check up on me. 

Texted with Sarah and Snarl a bit. Also a lot to Uthayla again. 

Listening to good grief by Dessa. I always felt that song because my life has been so hard. But it really resonates now. 

Shahn got in contact with me. 

I’ve been playing my music at the max my monitor speaker can get. Wild

I used to talk all the time while trying to cheer Lisa up. I need to get back to doing that with Gidget. That might cheer her up. I think that Gidget is very depressed. She is not playing or eating. I’m going to try to feed her some fresh sweet potato tonight 

Went to baked dinner at the Mitchell’s house. We are going to do have it every week.

In a different reality Lisa would have been good and they would have moved to be close to us and then we would be doing this as a family.

Came home and worked more on this. 

Looking through Lisa's book for things to put in this. She covered the mayo story really well so I have her as a contributor to this now. 

sprinkle called me. and we talked for an hour
