I sent this to my ma, it is what gave me an idea about just making a journal for however long I need to to process this situation.

Hi ma. 

Today was ok. I spent my morning with the Mitchell’s. I only got two hours of sleep last night. But we did a lot of good reminiscing about Lisa in the morning. 

I then went to the funeral home and picked out an urn. I asked him if they had one that matched Lisa’s favorite tea pot and we got a rough approximation. Lisa would probably scoff at it but I have far less refined tastes than hers. 

I then had a long and good conversation with Mc. 

I then went to return a clothe from the sourdough my neighbors baked me and I ended up in a long conversation with the bald mechanic across the street, Dan. He came running up his driveway to give me a hug while crying. He told me about how tragic it felt to everyone to not see Lisa out on the porch anymore and about how much they missed her and how much everyone admired my determination to make her comfortable. He invited me to a weekly thing with him and his neighbor.

Then I dropped off the clothe and ended up having a two or so hour long conversation with those neighbors, Kimberly and Tim. She was Lisa’s walking friend. They are all very good and nice people. It was really nice to just talk about normal things. We agree on politics and have similar personalities. They love gardening and cooking which is my sort of people.

Next I went over to my really good friend, Mal, in town here, and hung out with her partner and her. They fed me. 

I then came home and talked with one of Lisa’s best friends, Mary, for a couple hours. 

So I’ve had way to much conversation and socializing but it is really nice that I have all these people. Oh and I dropped by Bangkok last night and John fed me. It was the only food I could get down. 

Anyways, I miss you all and look forward to seeing you.

--

At some point during this day I looked at my ring and just realized that it doesn't mean what it used to.

I also talked to my friend Sarah on signal about the day to let her know that I had a decent day. 