I could probably figure out the day that Lisa and I met. I met her after KOPN's (a community radio station I was involved with)anniversary party. But I went to Top 10 Wines after that party with my friend Eric Estrem. He sat next to her at the bar and I sat one chair down. I being the lame dude I am ordered a glass of wine and opened my book (The Transparent Society) and read. 

Eric loved to flirt so he tried to flirt with Lisa the whole time we were there and I hardly said a word. At some point someone left and Lisa gave me her number. I took it but I was a bit bewildered since we hadn't talked much. She just thought I was interesting. This person that is comfortable just going to a bar and reading while everyone around him is being social. 

So later on I invited her to the bar I was a regular at to see a show. I did this a lot at that time, just calling people to invite them to see me at the bar. And, frankly, I was completely oblivious to women's signals that they were interested in me. Looking back on it I know at least a few times were women were obliquely asking me out but I was just too naive to pick up the signals. 

So anyways Lisa comes to this show and we talk and what not and it is fun but it isn't like relationship shit yet. But we are at a bar and I drank a lot while I was a regular at the Fugue (go figure). So she comes over to be late in the night, we are both drunk. It is on the end of the bar on the corner. I was sitting there minding my business until she came over. And she came over and told me about how great I seemed and that I just needed more confidence. I said, while why don't we go out. She was very attractive, fun, and interesting. She said something along the lines that we shouldn't because she was 10 years older than me. I think I was in my early 20s at the time. I said I didn't care. And we talked about it for a bit... but that is how we started dating. 