I was so excited to give out candy for Halloween the first few years that we were at this house. I got candy, we decorated the porch with pumpkins and the like (along with the whole house), and turned on the lights. But we never had anyone come by to get candy 😔. 

On Halloween of 2015 Lisa and I were sitting out in front of the fire in our garden. We'd been doing that with Gidget while drinking hot chocolate to relax. It was wonderful and some of the happiest memories I have. But that day a kid came down the drive wanting candy! We were wholely unprepared but we'd been eating little dove dark chocolates so I ran inside and gave the kid a ton of them.  

The photo below was not taken on that day but it shows Lisa hanging out around the fire drinking some tea. 

![Lisa, a fair-skinned woman with blonde hair wearing glasses and a red and black flannel shirt is seated in a purple, metal-framed folding chair with a mesh cup holder that contains a brown mug. Around her legs are two small dogs. One is a fluffy white dog, Gidget, wearing a pink harness and is partially visible on her lap. The woman's left arm rests on the arm of the chair and her hand gently pets a beagle that is approaching her from the left side of the picture. The beagle was a neighbor's dog that we were taking care of for him. The setting is outdoors on dark brown mulch next to a low stone wall and steps. In the background are woods, mostly bare trees in autumn colors, and a wooden structure that looks like a viewing platform or small deck. The overall atmosphere is calm and peaceful, suggesting a moment of quiet enjoyment of nature and companionship. The lighting suggests it is late afternoon or early evening.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2015/20151114_163816.jpg?raw=true)