

![Lisa has shoulder-length brown hair wearing sunglasses and a bright pink face mask. She is dressed in a teal-colored hoodie and dark pants. She sits on a light gray wooden porch swing, holding Zoe, a small, dark-colored Shih Tzu, in her lap. The dog appears calm and relaxed. A teal and gray patterned pillow rests on the swing behind her. The swing hangs from chains attached to the porch's ceiling. The porch is part of a light gray, siding house with dark shutters surrounding a large window. Behind Lisa and swing, a lush green lawn and leafy trees are visible. The atmosphere is peaceful and serene, suggesting a relaxed and tranquil outdoor setting on a bright sunny day. The mood is calm and contemplative.](https://github.com/Sobieck/memories-of-lisa-rae-mitchell-phd/blob/main/pictures/thomas-anderson-sobieck/2013/WP_000671.jpg?raw=true)

Lisa loved sitting out on our front porch on the swing with the dog in her lap. She would sit there in silence and enjoy the bird song, insects, and lawn mowers (these she complained about almost as much as I do). She also loved looking at our gardens and lawn. She'd bundle up and even do this when it was relatively cold out in spring and autumn. 

In ~2018 when she was doing very good for her, she'd come out of the dark room and she was able to go out and do things without her sun glasses on. I was working remotely. My office is on the other side of the glass from Lisa's swing on the front porch. Someone during a meeting asked me how Lisa was doing and I remember nearly crying and expressing how wonderful it was to see her enjoying herself after all the trauma she'd had. She did have moments of happiness, and we both grew to appreciate the very simple things. We knew we'd never travel again, see a beach, or anything like that. But we have a beautiful neighborhood that we could enjoy. 