Lisa didn't get what I did with investing back when we first met, and this is a large reason why it didn't stick. I was pretty good at it. I beat the S&P by a pretty wide margin. But it didn't look like a normal job so she wasn't very supportive. But after I was done with that I was sort of lost career wise. I remember Lisa saying something along the lines of "I wish that you would find something that you love that could be made into a career." I was doing a lot of different things at that time, computer stuff, cooking, etc. 

But fast forward a few years and I did really find something that I was extremely good at and absolutely loved. Programming. For the first year or 2 of her being retired I was working freelance at home and she was so happy. But I eventually just needed to find a job. And I went into the office for that job and it was a great job. Many of the people I worked with are still very close friends to me. But me being away was a really hard time for Lisa. She was used to seeing me and missed me. I think it had a lot to do with her way overdoing it for thanksgiving in 2016 which was the beginning of the end of her life. She took a med that helped for 7 days and then when she went to taper her unrelenting migraines started. She would be in the hospital suicidal with pain within a couple months and in a dark room for many months after that. 

But the reason I write this is that I would give anything to have not gone into the office love. I would rather have spent the rest of my life without having any success in a career if it meant you were still here and we were still living that good, slow life you'd grown to love.  